capital = 1348

oob = "DOM_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	cv_CAS1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	sonar = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	improved_light_battery = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
	base_strike = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	basic_train = 1
	iw_small_airframe = 1
	basic_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1
	early_bombs = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1
}

recruit_character = DOM_rafael_trujillo
recruit_character = DOM_jacinto_gonzáles
recruit_character = DOM_fernando_bayo
recruit_character = DOM_horacio_cabral
recruit_character = DOM_domingo_de_los_santos_ortiz
recruit_character = DOM_jose_miguel_moncada
recruit_character = DOM_humberto_rojas
recruit_character = DOM_julio_ortega_frier
recruit_character = DOM_frank_feliz_miranda
recruit_character = DOM_diego_trabajo_ruiz
recruit_character = DOM_honoracio_yuna_robles
recruit_character = DOM_gerardo_espaillat
recruit_character = DOM_jesus_da_costa_ruiz
recruit_character = DOM_edgar_martinez
recruit_character = DOM_anibal_vallejo_sosa
recruit_character = DOM_manuel_pena_battle
recruit_character = DOM_victor_vinas_roman
recruit_character = DOM_elias_brache
recruit_character = DOM_manuel_de_jesus_troncoso
recruit_character = DOM_jacinto_bienvenido_peynado


set_country_flag = monroe_doctrine
set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1934.5.16"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 100
}