capital = 1357

oob = "HAI_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	cv_naval_bomber1 = 1
	cv_CAS1 = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	early_submarine = 1
	basic_naval_mines = 1
	submarine_mine_laying = 1
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_ship_hull_carrier = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	sonar = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	improved_light_battery = 1
	basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	mtg_transport = 1
	improved_airplane_launcher = 1
	superior_firepower = 1
	base_strike = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	basic_train = 1
	iw_small_airframe = 1
	basic_small_airframe = 1
	iw_medium_airframe = 1
	iw_large_airframe = 1
	early_bombs = 1
	aa_lmg = 1
	engines_1 = 1
}

recruit_character = HAI_sténio_vincent
recruit_character = HAI_jacques_roumain
recruit_character = HAI_vilbrum_soulouque
recruit_character = HAI_jacques_soulouque
recruit_character = HAI_emilie_lescot
recruit_character = HAI_pascale_b_g_guillaume
recruit_character = HAI_charles_h_forbin
recruit_character = HAI_andre_sainte_frederic
recruit_character = HAI_paul_magloire
recruit_character = HAI_georges_leger
recruit_character = HAI_belmeau_max_pierre
recruit_character = HAI_franck_lavaud
recruit_character = HAI_andre_dumont
recruit_character = HAI_antoine_levelt
recruit_character = HAI_ernst_severe
recruit_character = HAI_g_edouard_roy
recruit_character = HAI_raymond_gassner
recruit_character = HAI_luis_dabtes_bellegarde
recruit_character = HAI_demosthenes_calixte
recruit_character = HAI_louis_dejoie

set_war_support = 0.1
set_convoys = 5


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 100
}
